Ok, here is my contributing file.

As the whole ncot, or Network of Circle of Trust thing is in the pre
usable state, it is important to get feedback and other thoughts about
the idea in general.

The main idea behind all this may come more clear when you read the
comments in the source files in the src folder, especially in
src/node.h.

There is no more other infrastructure available at this time, like a
website, forum or a mailing list. Please feel free to help in this
area of the project.

I think its time to throw all my open-office draw documents about the
idea into the docs folder to help to get some visual grasp of the idea
and what makes the difference in how the Internet is used with
CA-certificates or through a TOR-tunnel or even by a network of trust.

The library should compile under Linux and the tests should run
cleanly. There is a deamon program ncotd included which uses the
library functions. It is at the moment only used to test all the
GnuTLS connection related things against.

As this library is aimed to work at least under Linux, Macos and
Windows, contributions in porting in this early state to any of those
are welcome ! MXE is the cross development platform of choice for the
windows port, or mingw.

Any help in how this can be turned useful into soemthing that can run
as an app or something similar is also very welcome.

As soon as the connection related stuff works roughly, we can connect
together in our first ring of trust ! Sending packets around with chat
messages for example should not be that difficult as a first usable
thing to implement.

Just read the code and the comments, its not that much at this time,
and see how you get the idea behind all this. If its interesting to
you, just contact the author at net_seeker at web.de or through any
other available channel.

Thank you for your feedback, pull requests or comments !!